Origins - Friday 1
Columbus (OH), USA
June 19th 2026
2R+F
55 players
Alex Romano
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/13217

-- 1GW5.5 + 1.5vp in final

Deck Name: Would You Tell Picasso to Sell His Guitars?

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=24, avg=4.5)
-----------------------------------------
6x Henry Taylor                      6  POT cel pre pro  Brujah antitribu:3
2x Regilio, The Seeker of Akhenaten  3  aus obf          Nosferatu:2
2x Zöe                               3  AUS cel obf      Malkavian:2
1x Isabel de Leon                    3  AUS              Toreador:2
1x Lena Rowe                         3  aus obf pre      Pander:2

Library (61 cards)
Master (49; 3 trifle)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
1x Antediluvian Awakening
1x Bleeding the Vine
5x Blessings of the Loa
1x Brothers Grimm
1x Direct Intervention
12x Dirty Contract
1x Fear of Mekhet
1x Giant's Blood
1x Life Boon
1x Millicent Smith, Puritan Vampire Hunter
2x Parthenon, The
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Powerbase: Barranquilla
1x Powerbase: Montreal
2x Protean
1x Protected Resources
1x Rack, The
1x Rumor Mill, Tabloid Newspaper, The
6x Slaughterhouse, The
1x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
2x Vessel
2x Waste Management Operation
1x Wider View
1x WMRH Talk Radio

Action (3)
3x Anima Gathering

Ally (1)
1x Carlton Van Wyk

Action Modifier (3)
1x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Hedonism

Reaction (2)
1x Delaying Tactics
1x On the Qui Vive

Combat (3)
1x Disengage
2x Earth Meld

-- Most of the credit on the construction of this deck goes to Ben Peal for the original Henry twister years ago. I added a few twists(ha) to help round it out to the modern meta and apparently also accidentally made it 61 cards and not 60. The making Henry Cathari and using the hedonism to get the anima gathering off proved to be massive in every round of this tournament outside of the final. The final was as such
-- Marcus(Ventrue bleed and vote)->
-- Myself(Twister)->
-- Lasse(Salubri Combat)->
-- Karl(Power and Inner Voice vote)->
-- Mariya(Brujah stealth vote)
-- I wish I had some magic formula of what I did to win but in all reality I just had to play a super slow game and let the table view the combat deck(my prey) as the threat. I didn't play either anima gathering in my hand until pretty far into the game so I looked somewhat unassuming but was all but setup at that point in my hand.
-- Karl died like an hour or so into the game as Lasse's combat was beyond explosive. The three vote decks were arguing out every vote so once Karl was gone, the other two vote decks agreed Lasse had to go. They took about two turns to pull the back oust but they did kill him. This left me with one VP and only 17 minutes left on the clock. I just had to outlast Marcus while keeping him alive which I was able to do by slowing Mariya down just a bit with a Fear of Mekhet on Dmitra with only 3-4 blood on her. This limited her action space and she wasn't able to get him despite being very close to it a few times. Marcus made one late lunge trying to call an expulsion with a daring the dawn. By this point I was down to like 9-10 cards in hand and deck combined so had a DI and a DT as backup here if anything went wrong, so I hit the Daring the Dawn with a Direct Intervention and was able to survive.
-- Nothing wild just sometimes it's best not to appear to be a threat, even with a deck that is as silly as this.
-- Thanks to Ben for running and for Origins for allowing us to play there again.